Take Action & Improve Your Life - Importance
Of Taking Action - Stop Reading & Start Doing
Hi!
I'm Antonio Centeno, the founder of Real Men
Real Style.
Today, I'm going to be talking with you about
the importance of taking action.
Okay, if you haven't already, please subscribe
to my YouTube channel.
By doing that, these videos come right to
you.
In addition, if you like this video, if you
find it useful, I would appreciate it if you
click on the "like" button.
And if you have something to add, you want
to get a message to me, I love seeing what
people write in the comments.
I only check out the most recent videos, so
if you're writing on this video and it's been
two years, it may be something I'd miss.
I get a lot of comments, but if you really
need to get a hold of me, feel free to contact
me over at realmenrealstyle.com.
In addition, I've got hundreds of articles
over there, hundreds of videos, so do a quick
Google search and hopefully you'll be able
to find me providing a great answer to you.
Okay, so the importance of taking action.
I can tell you a few years ago when I was
running my custom clothier and the idea of
Real Men Real Style was just something in
my head, it was hard to get started.
And I knew that getting on video, that showing
myself, that being a little bit vulnerable
because I'm not the best dressed guy, I don't
have a huge wardrobe, even though I'm a custom
clothier, it's kind of that saying, the cobbler's
kids are running around barefoot despite the
fact that he makes shoes, it's very similar.
I put all of my money back into my company
and it was something I -- even with a huge
discount, I'm very careful about even buying
my own clothing.
Things have changed quite a bit.
In the last couple of years, actually when
we started testing around Real Men Real Style,
I talked to Brett over at the Art of Manliness
about the idea and he said it'd be great.
He'd love to support me, so I started putting
information out there, testing it.
The next thing I know, we made a commitment
to do 100 videos in 100 days, and that turned
into 200 videos in 200 days, and really that's
when the channel started to take off.
The blog itself started getting a lot more
views.
At the same time, I have to admit that it's
not like it just exploded.
I'm getting now a lot of people coming and
they're asking, "How can I repeat this?" or
"How can I create a channel like this?"
The good thing is a lot of people are coming
in and wanting to advertise with us, work
with us, partner with us, and that's all great,
but it happened because I took action.
I stopped reading and I stopped watching other
people do what I wanted to do and it's hard.
You've got to break away from the reading,
the studying, which is important.
Research is important, but up to a point.
You have to take action.
It's one of the reasons I started my style
system.
I knew that many men out there had been reading
forums for years.
They have read four or five books by Alan
Flusser or Bernhard Roetzel.
They've spent money on this, but what they
haven't done is they haven't put themselves
in a step-by-step course that really makes
sure they execute on what they need to and
learn exactly what they need to in the order
they need it, and it turns out that works
out really well.
So whatever you want to get done in life,
whether you want to build up a company, whether
you want to improve yourself, whether you
simply just want to ask that woman across
the way who you've been wanting to meet for
a year, just to go up and do it, introduce
yourself, say "hi", talk to her, or if it's
a company, stay up all night, pull an all-nighter
and get that company going.
Quit finding excuses and take action.
I have to admit, I don't like it whenever
trolls come in and they say something bad
about me.
I get emails occasionally back on my email
list and people just telling me not very nice
things, and I have to admit, I see that stuff
and it definitely brings you down.
Even if it's like one out of a hundred, one
out of a thousand, we're human beings and
we feel, but you've got to realize -- these
are three things I've realized.
I've realized I'm going to fail and anything
I've ever done in life, I have failed multiple
times trying to get to it whether it was in
the Marine Corps, whether it was sports growing
up.
I always had points in which I was failing
because if you're not failing, if you're not
willing to fail, you're not willing to push
yourself to the utmost breaking point.
So realize that if you really want to do something,
if you want to take action, there are going
to be points of failure.
You've also got to realize you're probably
going to be attacked and they're not attacking
you.
It's a reflection of who they are.
They're tearing you down because they're either
a bit jealous or they are kind of kicking
themselves that they should be doing it and
they don't want to see you do it.
A lot of people believe that if they pull
you down that they are going to feel better
about themselves.
Really that's not the way it should be, gentlemen.
Try to be somebody who is a level up and is
reaching down to pull others up with you,
but realize you're going to be attacked.
You've got to develop a little bit of tougher
skin when you take action.
Also, you're going to be lost at times.
You're not going to know where you're going.
You're going to be out there.
You're going to feel very exposed.
You're going to think everyone's looking at
you, that people are going to critique you
and point out that you are a fraud.
You're going to be lost, so those three things,
gentlemen, understand it's going to happen.
You're going to fail.
You're going to be attacked.
You're going to be lost.
But if you can accept that and if you say
the worst that's going to happen is I'm going
to fail, I'm going to be left there, you're
going to find if you can put up with that
and if you start taking action, if you are
consistent, if you're steady, and if you seek
constant personal improvement, not being the
best, not comparing yourself against others,
but looking to improve yourself a little bit
each day, if you can do that, you're going
to start to see amazing things happen.
I felt really good this last trip I took to
Vegas and I was at New Media Expo, and I was
meeting people outside my industry.
We'd meet, we'd exchange cards, and then actually
a little bit later in the conference, they'd
come up to me and say, "Wow!
I just checked out your website.
I saw what you're doing.
That's amazing!
How did you do it?"
I'm just kind of laughing because that's a
whole lot of work.
A lot of people think that it happens overnight.
Now, people are looking for that quick fix;
it's not.
You've got to be able to take action and know
that you're going to run into failure, and
be steady, consistent.
We do this in college and we need to be continue
doing this throughout life, gentlemen.
We do this up through school and it's something
that I think a lot of us lose whenever we
get out because we're putting this unstructured
environment.
Create structure for yourself.
One of the things I did is hire a business
coach and she makes sure that I do stay on
path to the path where I'm headed, but once
you do it, gentlemen, amazing things happen.
So I want to thank you all for being big supporters
of my channel.
We just passed three million views and this
is going to go faster and it's going to grow
bigger.
We're coming in on 40,000 subscribers, so
that’s pretty awesome.
And I can tell you that my style system sold
out.
I filled all 100 seats.
I was amazed, and the quality of the guys
in there, it just keeps getting better and
better, so thank you for helping me and for
making this channel and my business a go.
What I would just like to offer to you is
a little bit maybe of inspiration that if
you take consistent action in the right direction,
yes, you're going to fall back occasionally,
but you're going to take two steps forward
and fall back.
And over time, you're going to see amazing
things happen.
Okay guys, thank you for being a part of this.
I'll see you in the next video.
Bye-bye.